what's up guys this is GT fans 7:12 back
with another Russia run quick look video
and this time we're looking at the sand
colorway from the size Roshi run urban
Safari collaboration the shoe released
exclusively from size stores and online
at size co uk on friday june 14th for a
retail price of 80 british pounds it's
listed as desert sand sale hyper blue
and total crimson now let's get into the
shoe the upper is composed of a desert
sand colored original mesh which is a
very light khaki color stitched onto the
mid panel is a Desert Storm swoosh with
sail colored impressed Safari print the
tongue pull tab and replaces our Desert
Storm as well with the total Crimson
swoosh on the tongue pull tab the inner
lining and solar soft foam insole are
hyper blue and the heel pull tab is
split with hyper blue and total Crimson
lastly the sole is grey with black
speckling
and that will wrap up this quick look at
the same colorway of the size urban
Safari row she'd run size gave an
excellent new look to the row she run
that we haven't previously seen before
with a safari printed swoosh and a
speckled sole and the a CG Moab inspired
colorway puts this first row she run
collaboration over the top if you have
any questions who would like to know
more about the row she run feel free to
leave me a comment below or check the
links in the description you go to the
Nike talk or soul collector Rosie run
forums
until next time just stay tuned to my
channel I'll be uploading even more
quick looks and video reviews of shoes I
have in my collection as well as pickups
I'll beginning in the future and be sure
to check out this week in roshi news in
which I recap all of the weekly stories
from the roshi drug world until then
this has been GT fans 7/12
thanks for watching